[Music]
six secrets men never tell you know are
we gonna reveal the stuff I mean those
are secrets we've kept for a long time
did anybody check with Bob oh all right
but I'm reading this under protest all
right here we go how do women see men
usually they are the defenders the
shoulders to lean on the symbol of power
and calmness that's me
they know everything and they see the
future clearly they always know what to
do and how to get the best
mmm-hmm they will always help a damsel
in distress they love football most of
them are exquisitely handsome with a
beard
no really a beard is great and that's it
at least according to most girls however
there are not so many people
understanding that a man's soul is no
less mysterious and emotional than that
of a woman we all have small and big
secrets we don't want to share with
anyone here is the real chance for any
woman to go deeper into a man's head and
learn all his secrets to conquer him and
become that very girl watch the full
video to learn all the tricky things
about men and probably even more than
you can imagine
counting down from number six men need
moments of doing nothing when you see
your beloved guy sitting in the bathtub
talking to a small yellow duckie what do
you usually think maybe call the guys on
the white coach to come take him away
yeah something like oh gosh he's such a
kid it may sound unexpected but men
don't always want to be at the head of
things making serious decisions and
being responsible for the consequences
now and then
man just want to have some time for
themselves to enjoy moments of peace we
mean it strong and powerful kings and
emperors surely had a habit of childish
behavior and doing nothing from time to
time
number five men don't notice trifles
accept it you have nothing to do with
this fact at least someone must think
globally in all of this chaos of the
world a man is that very person he just
doesn't need to pay attention to some
unimportant details like the different
color of the socks he's wearing the new
curtains in the kitchen or that is 30
minutes late
he thinks for you and all of the people
in the world by the way it's a good
example of a behavioral pattern trifles
usually distract from really important
things by the way are you usually
concentrated on small details share your
stories in the comments below
number four nonsensical thoughts or a
great rest for the mind remember the
moment when you're talking about the
resort spot for summer to your man and
he is like I wonder a snail without a
shell is it naked or homeless now we
reveal the secret he is not childish and
like-minded everything is totally under
control can you simply imagine that men
don't spend each minute of their lives
thinking about how to pay the mortgage
provide for their family or save the
world it turns out they quite often
think of some nonsense it is not because
they show the rattlebrain
traits but because it's the easiest way
to D train their brain you should try it
because this secret also looks pretty
much like a guide to action number three
men have fears to
[Music]
men are involuntary victims of the hero
image created for them by the modern
society it compels them to keep a
straight face in any circumstances which
is hard because they fear the unknown as
much as anyone doubting their decisions
and worrying okay let's be serious men
can also be weak only a couple of times
in their entire lives
they should have the right to be afraid
of something deal with it do you ever
imagine how difficult it is to think
globally to define the destiny of
humanity and watch their fears strictly
in their eyes by the way guys what was
the most frightening situation in your
lives
sure below it should be very interesting
number two men appraised every passing
woman okay girls this is probably one of
the biggest fears of yours that your man
looks at another woman evaluating her
appearance
[Music]
and they really do it's just another
tricky secret we have to reveal but you
should be calm and please don't be
jealous they are not bad just following
the laws of nature which are sacred
humanity exists in fact thanks to man's
ability to appraise women by their looks
choosing the best one to become the
mother of his children it's in our
nature and it can't be avoided if you
are with them then you are the best
woman in this case but he will still
look around just because his blood calls
them to do it and the good ones will try
not to be so obvious when they do it
number one they appreciate support
[Music]
no matter how hard a man tries to be a
stable solid and manly creature he still
needs your support yes he should stay
calmer than women in front of the life
stresses but at the same time the hectic
pace of today's life and emotional
stress don't make any difference between
genders if he thinks that his coworker
Jim is a door just be supportive for
once even if you have no idea who Jim is
your man needs it and now here is a
small bonus for pretty ladies sometimes
men need you to be silent and short in
your speech don't be mad at us we mean
it and this fact is supported by men's
psychology specialists a man's brain is
more linear and they can get lost in
your excessive detailing of the
discussed topic remember the shorter you
can reflect an idea the sooner a man can
analyze and realize it which is also
important staying silent in the
situations you can do gives your man an
opportunity to think about is day or
just rest from all the surrounding
noises actually we're mostly kidding
women are awesome and men Noah and women
love their men with all their
peculiarities secrets and wimzie's
knowing some small secrets and personal
traits of character just helps you to be
even closer to each other staying more
than happy and we adore it when you're
happy yes we do don't forget to share
your attitude to the given info and
press the thumbs up button like this if
you are not subscribe to the channel yet
please do it and you'll find yourself on
the bright side of luck
[Music]